okay we're here i'm at mile high music
festival in denver colorado and i am
lucky enough to have a G love with me
how are you doing today I'm good yeah
you stay how are you I did in this heat
I'm fantastic I am I got my water right
here Oh fabulous it's important to stay
hydrated um so you're here oh my god
Nina's vodka oh god what oh my god that
works too hmm down the hatch that's
impressive whoa I think I need some
water Joe anymore oh um so there's a lot
of great bands here today um who are you
stoked to see I know that you've
collaborated with some Ben Harper he's a
buddy of yours yeah take a look let's
see all the people have collaborated
with the over the years Ben Harper um
okay galactic i'ma sit in with them
shortly after our interview actually as
lyrics born if you would be kind enough
to sit in but I think he has to run and
catch a plane after his set but I got to
know the guys an incubus on like a
charity surfing event oh cool we surfed
against each other are you better than
them actually Brandon's really good
there and Mike his body's good too and
I've done a lot of touring with
government mule actually on the
widespread panic to her about ten years
ago we were with gar renewal awesome
last summer we were lucky enough to tour
with John Butler and Robert Randolph so
good buddy of mine and Guster yeah these
are my friends and Jack's mannequins and
my friends and you know mom if I wanted
to name drop I really could now that's
funny cuz you plays festivals and then
you know over the years you really do
beget to become you know I real good
friends with boys it's a real nice
musical community I'm happy to be a part
of it fantastic so a word on the street
is you like to drink whiskey when you're
on stage is that true haha that's that's
an interesting question isn't it
considering i was just drinking vodka
and thought it was water I don't know
maybe it's your stage
no no I don't know where you heard that
no I don't drink you don't drink it all
no oh okay except if I'm getting paid by
a corporate sponsor to drink then I'll
drink okay okay um why do you want to
talk about what what is it with you and
alcohol i'm just i'm craving I haven't
do i hear that was awkward I mean that
could really affect my child support
case I don't think we should use that we
can delete that later right um okay are
you current are you out here on a tour
bus right now or yeah yeah we are we
just did a little weekend well this is a
big big festival for us as one of our
biggest gigs of the year so we but it's
not part of our regular tour actually I
regular tour kicks up next week so we
just had a chance today to uh we put
together little weekend so we get a
couple warm-up shows and get ready to go
for tonight you're next to our of my
correct in edit your supporting jason
morass that's right are you excited
about that i am yeah it's good to be out
working have you met him before or your
kind of first time no no even know each
other for a long time cool what's the
grossest thing on your tour bus um
probably like sweaty underwear after the
gig and sweaty socks and stuff hanging
around the back lounge how often do you
get to do laundry um what I I make it a
point to always wear clean socks on
clean underwear so I do laundry as often
as I need to do um given that we're in
the Mile High City um at the mile high
music festival um and that you're a rock
star is it fair to ask if you are a
member of the mile high club I am a
member of the mile high club yes and the
train club as of last weekend in Italy
in the train Club I don't know what that
one's called maybe on the rails you who
Oh railing on the rail you lean on the
rails I have that immediately hit that
that done how do you like the girls in
Colorado i love i love the girls in
Colorado oh don't force that's it I was
I don't know why you want me to go as we
go but I'm a taken man right now so I'm
off the off the playing field my players
card was in my wallet but my girlfriend
stole it ticking and I saw or less I got
as his visa